https://www.teamblind.com/post/Roblox-IC5-interview-experience-HioxfHfb

Applied online for IC5 Infra team. They said they like my resume and waived the phone screen 
(I have cleared Karat for other companies though).

They set up a four round virtual onsite (1 coding, 2 system design and 1 behavioral, 45 min each). 
All the interviewers were very nice, seemed to know their stuff.

The recruiter has no idea about the what she is doing, and experience with her was bad throughout the process. 
She was supposed to join the onsite meeting after my technical interview, but she forgot and a no-show.

I thought I crushed the coding round (medium+ leetcode); even implemented the follow up and executed test cases. 
I was happy coming out of two system design rounds as well (Roblox related open ended system design 
focussing on one online system, another scaling performance of a ML system which involved me 
proposing a ETL/offline process to extract features). One of the sys design went past 1 hr . 
The behavioral was like any other behavioral/STAR interview. I know these interviews are subjective, 
and I am not sure where did I screw up. Not getting any feedback does not help either.

Gutted; to miss out on the opportunity. But time to move on.

YOE: 10+
TC: 400+ (Base 200+, 15% cash bonus, rest on paper rsu; which is on perpetual nosedive atm)



Pure Storage south_bay
Probably System Design. Remember, to grasp the true intricacies of System Design, you need to spend years 
as an architect through various architectures and products.

Very few interviewers actually have that. At least the good ones keep an open mind. But the bad ones have 
only been a part of one or two systems, and you have to guess their solution and their pitfalls.

System Design is the most random one of them all because it all depends on how competent the interviewer is. 
And about half the time, they are just average programmers who take their limited experience and thinks it applies to all.

    LivePerson siQA48
    OP
    right. However, I am in a self blaming mode :) I think I am not managing my time well, not understanding 
    where does the interviewer wants me to focus on in a system design interview (API design, Data design, Microservices, Scaling). 
    I have found it difficult to balance it without the interviewer explicitly stating where I need to focus.
    It is true that I wasn't stuck at a solution, I think I am not explaining different approaches 
    and their comparisons (I am straight away proposing a solution, and only answering the why if asked).

    May be they feel I do not have the depth, but it is true that I do not have the depth in many of the topics 
    which I haven't worked on before. For example, I never had to design a solution where cross DC sharding was a necessity; 
    if you ask me to design instagram, how will I have the depth?
    Anyways, time to move on I guess.

New jyPK87
It's okay. You win some, lose some. Best to learn and move on. Always another opportunity awaits. Good luck. 
